https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-14160 Adding double quotes where needed and making some improvements (#6899)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: observability/observability_enable.adoc

 
. Log in to your {acm-short} hub cluster. 
. Create a namespace for the observability service with the following command:

+
[source,bash]
----
oc create namespace open-cluster-management-observability
----

. Generate your pull-secret. If {acm-short} is installed in the `open-cluster-management` namespace, run the following command:
 
+
[source,bash]
----
DOCKER_CONFIG_JSON=`oc extract secret/multiclusterhub-operator-pull-secret -n open-cluster-management --to=-`
----

> .. If the `multiclusterhub-operator-pull-secret` is not defined in the namespace, copy the `pull-secret` from the `openshift-config` namespace into the `open-cluster-management-observability` namespace. Run the following command:

Reviewer: Do you run the command _after_ copying and the pull secret into the namespace? In which case, consider making it into two steps, like this: 

```suggestion
.. If the `multiclusterhub-operator-pull-secret` is not defined in the namespace, copy the `pull-secret` from the `openshift-config` namespace into the `open-cluster-management-observability` namespace. 
.. To define this `pull secret`, run the following command:
```

> .. If the `multiclusterhub-operator-pull-secret` is not defined in the namespace, copy the `pull-secret` from the `openshift-config` namespace into the `open-cluster-management-observability` namespace. Run the following command:

Reviewer: Or, do you copy the secret _by_ running the command? In which case, consider rephrasing to something like the following: 

```suggestion
.. If the `multiclusterhub-operator-pull-secret` is not defined in the namespace, copy the `pull-secret` from the `openshift-config` namespace into the `open-cluster-management-observability` namespace by running the following command:
```

Author: Based on the `extract` syntax in the command, it seems secret is copied with the command @jacobbaungard can you help confirm?

Reviewer 2: Yes that's correct. The command copies the secret into the environment variable `DOCKER_CONFIG_JSON`. The change suggested by @jc-berger sounds sensible to me.

+
[source,bash]
----
DOCKER_CONFIG_JSON=`oc extract secret/pull-secret -n openshift-config --to=-`
----

> .. Then, create the pull-secret in the `open-cluster-management-observability` namespace, run the following command:

Reviewer: I don't think we need the "then" since it's the next step, hence, implied it's an action following the previous step. Consider changing to this rewrite:

```suggestion
.. Create the pull-secret in the `open-cluster-management-observability` namespace by running the following command:
```

   endpoint: s3.$REGION.amazonaws.com
   signature_version2: false
----

> . Specify service account annotations when you the `MultiClusterObservability` custom resource as described in _Creating the MultiClusterObservability custom resource_ section. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Specify the service account annotations on the `MultiClusterObservability` custom resource as described in _Creating the MultiClusterObservability custom resource_ section. 
```

I realize this PR is not changing this section, but none the less, the sentence was not worded well.

. You can retrieve the S3 access key and secret key for your cloud providers with the following commands. You must decode, edit, and encode your `base64` string in the secret:

> .. Run the following command to..:

Author: ```suggestion
.. To edit and decode the S3 access key for your cloud provider, run the following command:
```

> . You can retrieve the S3 access key and secret key for your cloud providers with the following commands. You must decode, edit, and encode your `base64` string in the secret:

Reviewer: Optional: for consistency with all the steps, consider making this step start with the imperative/active verb:

```suggestion
. Retrieve the S3 access key and secret key for your cloud providers with the following commands. You must decode, edit, and encode your `base64` string in the secret:
```

+
[source,bash]
----
YOUR_CLOUD_PROVIDER_ACCESS_KEY=$(oc -n open-cluster-management-observability get secret <object-storage-secret> -o jsonpath="{.data.thanos\.yaml}" | base64 --decode | grep access_key | awk '{print $2}')
----

> .. Run the following command to..

Author: ```suggestion
.. To view the access key for your cloud provider, run the following command:
```

+
[source,bash]
----

> echo $ACCESS_KEY

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
echo $YOUR_CLOUD_PROVIDER_ACCESS_KEY
```

----

.. Run the following command to..:

+

> [spurce,bash]

Author: ```suggestion
.. To edit and decode the secret key for your cloud provider, run the following command:

+
[source,bash]
```

----
YOUR_CLOUD_PROVIDER_SECRET_KEY=$(oc -n open-cluster-management-observability get secret <object-storage-secret> -o jsonpath="{.data.thanos\.yaml}" | base64 --decode | grep secret_key | awk '{print $2}')
----

.. Run the following command to..:

+
[source,bash]

> ----

Author: Need help with clarifying why a user need to run the commands

Reviewer 2: I _think_ the step here to print the users access token is simply informative, or maybe so users can verify the content is correct. I think it was fine as is, with no need to break it up into multiple sections (i.e the added "Run the following command to..).

However I did spot an error with the command, see the other comments/suggestions.

> .. Run the following command to..:

Author: ```suggestion
.. Run the following command to view the secret key for your cloud provider:
```

> echo $SECRET_KEY

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
echo $YOUR_CLOUD_PROVIDER_SECRET_KEY
```

----
+
See link:../apis/observability.json.adoc#observability-api[Observability API] for more information.

. To deploy on infrastructure machine sets, you must set a label for your set by updating the `nodeSelector` in the `MultiClusterObservability` YAML. Your YAML might resemble the following content:

+
[source,yaml]
----
  nodeSelector:

>     node-role.kubernetes.io/infra: ""

Author: this is the original ask of the issue

    installer.namespace: open-cluster-management
----

. _Optional:_ If you want to exclude specific managed clusters from collecting the observability data, add the following cluster label to your clusters: `observability: disabled`.

> The observability service is enabled. After you enable the observability service and the following functions are initiated:

Reviewer 3: Spot checking here, why did we make this change? This is now not a complete sentence, this is a clause.

> The observability service is enabled. After you enable the observability service and the following functions are initiated:

Author: ```suggestion
The observability service is enabled. After you enable the observability service, the following functions are initiated:
```
